what is going on guys my name is miss
school prime focus call me tearing in
today we're going to take a look at the
most wanted killstreaks in call of duty
black ops 3 multiplayer don't forget to
leave your feedback in the comments
section down below let me know what
kills shoots you guys walk back in black
ops 3 in remember to subscribe if you're
brand new to my channel you never get to
go dr. like down low Jenna shoot for 150
likes but without further ado it's gonna
dive right into the discussion so I
compiled a short list of kill streaks
that I'd love to see and call the D
black ops 3 bum not gonna be listing
them any particular order you know
coming in at number one I would love to
see the swarm return in black ops 3 like
I honestly can't remember the amount of
times I've dropped over a hundred plus
kill just because my swarm was a
freaking monster I do know a lot of
people think that that kill streak is
overpowered and I do think so as well
but I do think that having overpowered
killstreaks make the game a little bit
more fun sometimes I look at mw2 like
that game has probably the most
overpowered kill streaks and call booty
history best probably one of my favorite
call booties of all time the next kill
stick I want is the orbital vsat that's
kind of a no-brainer if we don't get
that back in black ops I I don't even
know what I'm gonna be doing what do you
call that thing in you just feel like a
god because you have the entire map to
yourself it allows you to go on long gun
streaks and oh god of it the black ops
game without an orbital vsat or a
blackbird is is not as I don't I don't
consider it a black ops game anymore its
kind of ties into my next point here is
that I'll want them to bring back the
DNA bomb or so I'm gonna kill Street
that we can use to call in like I
massive blonde that destroys the entire
map like I know black ops to have the
nuclear but honestly who cares about a
stupid metal we want things to explode
who want to prove to everybody how great
we are we live in a generation where we
are so self-absorbed and the best way to
prove to people to how amazing you are
in a video game is to have a kill streak
that blows the crap up out of everybody
I was kind of debating whether or not i
want this kill streak to come back but I
kind of want the dogs to come back black
dogs game without dogs I don't even
yeah I don't think would be considered a
black ops game anymore what I think
they'll do is that they'll bring back
dogs but they're gonna be like robotic
enhanced dogs or something like the
whole idea behind black ops 3 is that
you know you're using robotics to
enhance your abilities I'm calling it
right now we're gonna be having my
little robotic chihuahuas in black ops 3
on the side note though a lot of people
have been telling me that I sound pretty
sad in all my recent videos and irie
watch all my videos and I realized how
my tonal voice was like hi guys how are
you doing on mystical prom I'm gonna be
telling you guys such an exciting high
school story today I'm so sorry they'll
thought I actually literally had no idea
I was talking like that it's actually
quite depressing now they look back at
it but anyway that is my little short
little compilation or list of things I'd
want and black ops 3 let me know your
opinions in the comments section down
below what Achilles tricks you guys want
in black ops ii multiplayer I'm gonna
drop it like that Marsha shoot for 150
likes for today's video remember to
subscribe if you are brand new to my
channel oh why are you using that men
like please if there's one thing I don't
want to come back in black ops riza I
swear to God trick if you put back that
target finder or whatever the heck that
is oh man do I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video my name is sister bromby
guys on a wonderful time and i'll sell
you beautiful people in the next one
piece